---
title: "Tanzu Kubernetes Grid 1.5.2"
date: 2022-04-13
categories: [Tanzu]
tags: [Tanzu, TKG, Kubernetes]
description: Tanzu Kubernetes Grid 1.5.2
toc: true
---

# Tanzu Kubernetes Grid 1.5.2 on vSphere

Caution: VMware recommends not installing or upgrading to TKG v1.5 until a future patch release, due to a bug in the versions of etcd in the versions of Kubernetes used by Tanzu Kubernetes Grid v1.5.0-v1.5.2. See [Known Issues](https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-Tanzu-Kubernetes-Grid/1.5/rn/vmware-tanzu-kubernetes-grid-15-release-notes/index.html#known-issues) in the TKG v1.5 Release Notes.


## 설치 가이드
* vSphere 7.0 & Ubuntu 20.04 기준 작성

### Download and Unpack the Tanzu CLI and kubectl
1. Go to [https://my.vmware.com](https://my.vmware.com) and log in with your My VMware credentials.

1. Visit [the Tanzu Kubernetes Grid downloads page](https://customerconnect.vmware.com/en/downloads/info/slug/infrastructure_operations_management/vmware_tanzu_kubernetes_grid/1_x)

1. In the VMware Tanzu Kubernetes Grid row, click Go to Downloads.

1. In the Select Version drop-down, select 1.5.2.

1. Under Product Downloads, scroll to the section labeled VMware Tanzu CLI 1.5.2 CLI.
  * For Linux, locate VMware Tanzu CLI for Linux and click Download Now.

1. Navigate to the Kubectl 1.22.5 for VMware Tanzu Kubernetes Grid 1.5.2 section of the download page.
  * For Linux, locate kubectl cluster cli v1.22.5 for Linux and click Download Now.

1. (Optional) Verify that your downloaded files are unaltered from the original. VMware provides a SHA-1, a SHA-256, and an MD5 checksum for each download. To obtain these checksums, click Read More under the entry that you want to download. For more information, see Using Cryptographic Hashes.

1. On your system, create a new directory named tanzu. If you previously unpacked artifacts for previous releases to this folder, delete the folder’s existing contents.

1. In the tanzu folder, unpack the Tanzu CLI bundle file for your operating system. To unpack the bundle file, use the extraction tool of your choice. For example, the tar -xvf command.
  * For Linux, unpack tanzu-cli-bundle-linux-amd64.tar.
  * After you unpack the bundle file, in your tanzu folder, you will see a cli folder with multiple subfolders and files.
1. Unpack the kubectl binary for your operating system:
  * For Linux, unpack kubectl-linux-v1.22.5+vmware.1.gz.  

### Install th Tanzu and Other Tools
